brownie:
This is my absolute favorite brownie recipe. They are rich, fudgy in the middle, and made completely from scratch. These brownies are so much better than the box, and I bet you have what you need to make them already sitting in your kitchen.
button:Jump to the Easy Fudgy Brownies Recipe
Ingredients:
10 tablespoons (145 grams) unsalted butter

1 ¼ cups (250 grams) granulated sugar

3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons (80 grams) unsweetened cocoa powder, natural or Dutch-process

1/4 rounded teaspoon kosher salt, use slightly less if using fine sea or table salt

1 teaspoon vanilla extract

2 large cold eggs

1/2 cup (65 grams) all-purpose flour

2/3 cup (75 grams) chopped walnuts or pecans, optional


Directions

    Prepare Batter

    Position an oven rack in the middle of the oven and heat to 325 degrees F. Line the bottom and sides of an 8-inch x 8-inch square baking pan with parchment paper or aluminum foil, leaving an overhang on opposite sides to help remove the baked brownies from the pan.

    Prepare a double-boiler by filling a medium saucepan with water about 2 inches deep. Heat the water until barely simmering. See the notes section below for tips on making these without a double-boiler and instead using a microwave or making them directly in a saucepan.

    Combine the butter, sugar, cocoa powder, and salt in a medium heat-safe bowl. Rest the bowl over the simmering water. If the bottom of the bowl touches the water, remove a little water from the saucepan.

    Stir the mixture occasionally until the butter has melted and the mixture is quite warm. Don’t worry if it looks gritty; it will become smooth once you add the eggs and flour.

    Remove the bowl from the saucepan, and set aside for 5 minutes or until it is only warm, not hot.

    Stir in the vanilla.

    Add the eggs, one at a time, stirring vigorously after each one.

    When the batter looks thick and well blended, add the flour. Use a spoon to beat the flour into the batter until it is very thick and pulls away from the sides of the bowl. We use a wooden spoon or spatula and beat for 40 to 50 strokes (see video for reference).

    Stir in nuts if using.
        Bake Brownies

        Spread the batter evenly in the prepared pan.

        Bake the brownies until the edges look dry and the middle looks slightly underbaked; 20 to 30 minutes. You can test doneness by inserting a toothpick into the center. The brownies are finished baking if it comes out with a few moist crumbs attached.

        Cool completely before removing from the pan — this step is essential and helps the brownies set. Cut into 16 squares.

Chocolote Cheesecake:
This straightforward chocolate cheesecake is everything you want it to be: rich, moist, dense, and hugely chocolate. Not only that — it's simple to put together, requiring neither special ingredients, nor a fussy water bath. If you're looking for a very rich (and very chocolate) dessert, you've found it.
Chocolote Mousse:
Chocolate Mousse may well be the ultimate chocolate fix! Rich and creamy, yet light and fluffy, one pot is satisfying but always leaves me wanting more…….
This is a classic chocolate mousse made the proper French way, as served in fine dining restaurants. Less cream, more chocolate, a more intense chocolate flavour and a beautiful creamy mouth feel.
hotchocolote:
You sweet, creamy heavenly thing. If you were wondering how I would like to spend every December evening, it is curled up, with my hands wrapped around a warm mug of hot chocolate. Bonus points if that hot chocolate is topped 
freshly whipped cream and a heavy sprinkle of chopped dark chocolate.
Perfect chocolate pancakes are easy to make, fluffy, and topped with a rich hot chocolate sauce (not optional!). A lovely morning treat that will give all chocolate lovers a good reason to jump out of bed!